    This Privacy Policy (“Policy”) describes the policies and procedures on the collection, use, disclosure and protection of your information when you use our website located at www.Go-gramin.com, or the Go-Gramin mobile application (collectively,  “Platform”) made available by GO-GRAMIN LLP (“Go-Gramin”, “Company”, “we”, “us” and “our”), a Limited Liability Partnership company established under the laws of India having its registered office at 2nd Floor, V G Engineering works, Jog Road, Siddapur, Uttara Kannada, Karnataka, 581355, India.

The terms “you” and “your” refer to the user of the Go-Gramin Platform including tied up Vendors. The term “Services” refers to any services offered by Go-Gramin through its platform.

Please read this Policy before using the Go-Gramin Platform or submitting any personal information to Go-Gramin. This Policy is a part of the incorporated within, and is to be read along with, the Terms of Use. 

By using the Platform, you provide consent to the Company to collect, use and discloses User’s personal information according to the rules and provisions of this agreement. 

Further more, Go-Gramin does not intend to and will not purposely collect, require or request personal information from persons under 18 years of age without permission from parent or legal guardian. If the User is a minor, he/she should not enter his/her personal information or use the Platform in any way prior to obtaining the consent of the parent or legal guardian.

a)	Go-Gramin Privacy practice 

The information provided by you is collected and processed in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Privacy Policy.

b)	Information collected by Go-Gramin

i.	To enhance and improve the user experience and service provided by us, Go-Gramin collects information about you from two sources. (1) The information you voluntarily provided to the company while using the services; and (2) The information automatically collected when you are accessing the Go-Gramin platform and while using the Services Provided.
ii.	Information provided by you: To facilitate the Services we provide, the Company may collect certain personal information about you, which you voluntarily provide us while using our Services. The information collected from you includes but not limited to your name, gender, email address, mobile or telephone numbers, address, date of birth and other information, and the information you provide while using the services, including but not limited to search words, location, products or services, reviews, rating, order details and history etc. The Company may ask you certain financial information, such as, credit card account details, other payment method data, to collect consideration regarding the services we provide. We do not store any of the financial information provided by you. In case are a vendor who uses our platform, we collect data such as location details, copies of government issued identification documents, registrations, contact details etc. 
iii.	Information automatically collected: The company receives and stores certain information whenever you access the Go-Gramin Platform. We collect “Cookies” and other certain data collected while using the platform. This information collected may include data such as web request, internet protocol address, browser type, language, date and time of user access, information about internet connect and web information. The cookies are primarily used for authentication but also we may use them to enhance the quality of services by storing user preferences and tracking user trends. The company may receive or collect certain information such as time zone, region and language and other information regarding your search details.
iv.	Other information related to communication between you and company through email or chat might be stored to process your inquiries, or issues raised and to improve the services we provide.

c)	Use of personal information

The information provided or collected by us from you while using our platform inter alia for the following purposes:

1.	To issue you access to our services provided in platform and to carry out our obligations that might arise from any terms under the contracts between you and the Company;
2.	To allow the user to perform payment transactions on the platform provided by us.
3.	To enhance the services provided by us.
4.	Including but not limited to improve the platform and to manage your account.
5.	To process your payment transactions while using the services provided by Go-Gramin.
6.	To respond to your comments, reviews and inquiries;
7.	To communicate important notices or changes to the Services provided by Company on the Platform, use of the Platform and the terms or policies, which govern the relationship between you and the Company.
8.	For internal purposes of the Company such as improving the security of the platform, auditing, testing, trouble shooting, data analysis and research performed directly or indirectly by the Company.
9.	For promoting and marketing the services provided by the Company.
10.	To track the order status, processing and delivery as applicable to you;
11.	This information might be used to customize and improve the platform.
12.	The IP address information might be used to help and diagnose problems arising while using the platform. This information may be used to identify you in case of any need arises.

d)	Sharing your personal information

i.	We share certain information with the Vendor to perform the services provide by Go-Gramin. These information may include but not limited to your order details, time of order, location details incase of delivery.
ii.	The information provided by you may be shared with the payment service providers for the purpose of fulfilling the services provided to you.
iii.	We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices, third party rights owners, or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our Terms or Privacy Policy
iv.	Any content or personal information that You share or upload on any current or future publicly viewable portion of the Platform (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, etc.) will be publicly available, and can be viewed by others.

e)	Information Safety

Any information saved and stored on the server, which have secured with passwords and pins in order to ensure that no third person can access the account. The company takes reasonable steps to ensure that no unauthorized person uses this information provided by you while using the Go-Gramin platform. The company takes no liability for disclosure of your information due to any reason, including but not limited to errors in transmission, unauthorized third-party access, or other causes beyond its control. While performing the obligations of the services provided by the company, it might be required to provide the personal details to third party payment providers and it is beyond our control or responsibility and cannot guarantee that transmissions of your payment card account information or personal information will always be secured.

f)	Public Posts

The platform may permit you to provide your feedback, reviews, comments, etc. on the platform and in relation with any transactions on the platform. This might be viewable to other users or visitors of the platform. The company has unconditional right to remove and delete any post or such part of the post and it is the decision of the company to make whether it can be published or removed. All Posts shall be publicly accessible and visible to all Users of the Platform. Company reserves the right to use, reproduce and share such Posts for any purpose at its discretion. If You delete Your Posts from the Platform, copies of such Posts may remain viewable in archived pages, or such Posts may have been copied or stored by other Users.

g)	Personal Information correction

You can contact Go-Gramin if you notice that the information provided by use is incorrect or incomplete. Go-Gramin assures to make changes if required without any delay. Please feel free to send use mail to info@gogramin.com with “Privacy policy issues” as subject line.

h)	Changes to Privacy Policy

This privacy policy terms may change time to time and the Company reserves the right to change the terms of this privacy policy at any time. The users are requested to regularly review the privacy policy for any changes. If we make any significant changes we will endeavor to provide you with reasonable notice of such changes, such as via prominent notice on the Platform or to your email address on record.

i)	Deleting personal information 

If you would like to delete your account, write to info@gogramin.com with “Privacy policy issues” as subject line and your personal information will be deleted from all records Go-Gramin holds without any undue delay.

j)	Privacy Policy Questions?

If you have any questions regarding Go-Gramin privacy policy, please write to info@gogramin.com with “Privacy policy issues” as subject line and Go-Gramin team will respond immediately within 24 hours, without undue delay.

Go-Gramin reserves the right to modify such content without notice from time to time and shall not be liable to any user for any damage as a result of change in course content.

k)	Contact Information
Go-Gramin LLP
2nd Floor, V G Engineering works, Jog Road, Siddapur, 

Uttara Kannada, Karnataka, 581355, India.

Phone:
Email: info@gogramin.com





