    These terms of use ("Terms of Use") mandate the terms on which users  ("You" or "Your" or "Yourself" or "Users") interested in browsing or availing Go-Gramin Services (defined below), and accessing the platform www.Go-Gramin.com (“Website”) and the mobile application, owned and operated by GO GRAMIN LLP, hereinafter referred as ("Go-Gramin", “Company”, “we”, “us” and “our”) collectively referred to as, the ("Platform") connects the Organic farm products vendors on the Platform ("Vendor"), and with service of delivery Vendor’s products ("Delivery Service") to avail the Go-Gramin Services.

PLEASE READ THE TERMS OF USE CAREFULLY BEFORE USING THE PLATFORM OR REGISTERING ON THE PLATFORM OR ACCESSING ANY MATERIAL OR INFORMATION THROUGH THE PLATFORM. By accessing and using services provided by Go-Gramin, You accept this Terms of Use and agree to be legally bound by the same. Use of and access to the Platform is offered to You upon the condition of acceptance of all the terms, conditions and notices contained in this Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, along with any amendments made by Go-Gramin at its sole discretion and posted on the Platform from time to time.

For the purpose of these Terms of Use, the term 'Go-Gramin' or 'Us' or 'We' refers to GO-GRAMIN LLP. The term 'You' refers to the user or visitor, and applicable to Vendors, using the services provided in the Website and/or Mobile Application. When You use our services, You will be subject to the terms, guidelines and policies applicable to such service and as set forth in these Terms of Use. As long as you comply with these Terms of Use, We grant You a personal, non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited privilege to enter and use our Platforms and services.
GENERAL TERMS RELATING TO GO-GRAMIN SERVICES:
1. Registration:
I.	You shall be permitted to access the Platform and to avail the Services and connect with Vendors for buying organic farm products, on the Platform, only upon registering in the platform with an Account (as defined below). Your ability to continue using the Platform, and Services provided is subject to Your continued registration on the Platform. You will be required to enter Your personal information including but not limited to your name, contact details, valid phone number while registering on the Platform.

II.	Go-Gramin shall have the right to display the information, feedback, ratings, and reviews provided by You on the Platform. You agree and accept that as on the date of Your registration on the Platform, the information provided by You is complete, accurate and up-to-date. Go-Gramin shall in no way be responsible or liable for the accuracy or completeness of any information provided by You. If You provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, or Go-Gramin has reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Go-Gramin reserves the right to suspend or terminate Your Account (defined below) and refuse any current or future use of the Platform at any time.


2.	Services offered by Go-Gramin:

I.	The Platform provides You with the following services:

a.	It allows You to connect with various Vendors selling organic farm products and avail Delivery Services on such products;

b.	It allows You to view the items listed on the Platform offered by the Tied Up Vendor’s inventory, managed and approved by Go-Gramin, and place your order for the items you wish to buy;

c.	It allows You to get doorstep delivery of offered items purchased from the inventory of Vendors on the Platform.

d.	It allows You to give ratings, write comments and reviews about the Vendor and Products you have already purchased;

e.	It facilitates improvement in the quality of the services provided by Go-Gramin on the Platform based on User ratings, reviews and feedbacks provided on the Platform.

II.	Once the Delivery Services have been completed or items being delivered to you, as the case may be, You may notify the same with your review and comments on the Platform.

III.	Go-Gramin may, at its absolute sole discretion, add, modify, upgrade, extend, withdraw or alienate any of the Go-Gramin Services listed above from time to time. Go-Gramin does not provide any guarantee to You that the Go-Gramin Services will be made available to You at all times.

IV.	You hereby agree and acknowledge that Go-Gramin is only a facilitator between You and the Vendor and Go-Gramin only provides You with access to the Platform to connect with various Vendors and You to place order and initiate transactions on the Platform. You hereby agree and acknowledge that Go-Gramin will not be a party to any of the transactions that are initiated by You through the Platform and Go-Gramin shall not be liable in any manner or incur any liability on the goods offered by the Vendor. Further, You hereby agree and acknowledge that Go-Gramin shall not be liable for the conduct, acts and omissions of the Vendor (including their employees and consultants) in the course of providing their services to You through us, or for any loss or damage to the Item or otherwise caused to You as a consequence of or in relation to the services being provided to You by the Vendor.

V.	While ordering in Go-Gramin, it is the duty of the Vendor to share the update Item list on the Platform. Go-Gramin shall not be responsible for any inaccurate Item listing on the Platform by the Vendor. The items offered by the Vendor in the platform will be in discretion of Go-Gramin.

VI.	Go-Gramin shall be entitled at any time without giving any reason terminate Your request for any Service provided by Go-Gramin.

VII.	You agree that Go-Gramin shall not incur any liability with respect to such Items delivered directly from the Vendor. However, keeping in mind the interests of the Users, We will inform your complaints to our tied up Vendors to ensure that Items are packaged properly to avoid any form of spillage or damage to the Item or any issues related to packaging and quality.

VIII.	If a transaction initiated by You on the Platform cannot be completed, Go-Gramin shall notify You on the Platform, message or e-mail.

IX.	Go-Gramin may use Your location-based information that is captured by Go-Gramin through global positioning system when You are using Your mobile device to request a Go-Gramin Service on its platform. Such location-based information shall be used by Go-Gramin only to facilitate and improve the Go-Gramin Services being offered to You.

X.	In the event of any grievances arising from the transaction initiated by You on the Platform pertaining to purchase or sale of any product from any Vendor, You may contact Go-Gramin support for routing. your grievances to the Vendor through the Platform.

XI.	You hereby acknowledge that if You have any complaint with respect to the Go-Gramin Services, You will first inform Go-Gramin in writing within 24 (twenty four) hours of using such Go-Gramin Services.


3. User Information:
I.	You are solely responsible for and in control of the information You provide to us. Compilation of User Accounts and User Account bearing contact number and e-mail addresses are owned by Go-Gramin for improving the services provided. 
II.	In the case where the Platform is unable to establish unique identity of the User against a valid mobile number or e-mail address, the Account shall be indefinitely suspended. Go-Gramin reserves the full authority to suspend a User's Account in the above event and does not have the liability to share any Account information whatsoever.
4. Payment Terms:
I.	You can initiate the payment of the products that are purchased from the Vendor through the multiple payment methods offered by the company in the portal. 

II.	Go-Gramin shall take payment through offline (cash on delivery) or online mode (Credit cards, Debit cards, Net Banking, Wallet Payment) and the user can decide from these options and the method of payment. 

III.	The Company reserves the right to eliminate any payment method if any requirement arises.

5. Cancellation and refund:

I.	Go-Gramin may cancel the transaction initiated by you on the platform if,
a.	The designated address to avail the Go-Gramin Services provided by You, is outside the area of operation of Go-Gramin.

b.	In case of any failure to get your response via phone or any other communication channel after the time of confirmation of your order.

c.	If in case of tied-up Vendor unable to perform his obligations.

d.	If any Item for which You have initiated the transaction is not in stock with the Vendor.

e.	If the transaction cannot be completed for such reasons that is not in control of Go-Gramin.

II.	In-case you are not satisfied by the quality of product received, you can return within three(3) days and avail a refund for the price of the product but charges may be levied by Go-Gramin for the service of delivering the product to your location.

6. Eligibility to Use
I.	The services provided by Go-Gramin are not available to minors i.e. persons under the age of 18 (eighteen) years or to any Users suspended or removed by Go-Gramin from accessing the Platform for any reason whatsoever. You represent that You are of legal age to form a binding contract and are not a person barred from receiving, using or availing Go-Gramin services under the applicable laws.

II.	Go-Gramin reserves the right to refuse access to the Platform, at any time to new Users or to terminate or suspend access granted to existing Users at any time without according any reasons for doing so.

III.	You shall not have more than 1 (one) active Account (as defined below) on the Platform. Additionally, You are prohibited from transferring Your Account to another party or impersonating any other person for the purposing of creating an account with the Platform.
7. Representations and Warranties:
I.	Subject to compliance with the Terms of Use, Go-Gramin grants You a non-exclusive, limited privilege to access and use this Platform and use the services provided by Go-Gramin.

II.	You agree to use the Platform only: (i) for purposes that are permitted by this Terms of Use; and (ii) in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or generally accepted practices or guidelines. 

III.	You represent and warrant that You have not received any notice from any third party or any governmental authority and no litigation is pending against You in any court of law, which prevents You from accessing the Platform and availing the Go-Gramin Services.

IV.	You represent and warrant that You are legally authorized to view and access the Platform and avail the Go-Gramin Services.
8.	Privacy

I.	To enhance and improve the user experience and service provided by us, Go-Gramin collects information about you from two sources. (1) The information you voluntarily provided to the company while using the services; and (2) The information automatically collected when you are accessing the Go-Gramin platform and while using the Services Provided.

II.	We share certain information with the Vendor to perform the services provided by Go-Gramin. This information may include but not limited to your order details, time of order, location details for availing delivery service. The information provided by you may be shared with the payment service providers for the purpose of fulfilling the services provided to you.

III.	Use of personal information: The information provided or collected by us from you while using our platform inter alia for the following purposes:

1.	To issue you access to our services provided in platform and to carry out our obligations that might arise from any terms under the contracts between you and Go Gramin;
2.	To allow the user to perform payment transactions on the platform provided by us.
3.	To enhance the services provided by us.
4.	Including but not limited to improve the platform and to manage your account.
5.	To process your payment transactions while using the services provided by Go-Gramin.
6.	To respond to your comments, reviews and inquiries;
7.	To communicate important notices or changes to the Services provided by Go Gramin on the Platform, use of the Platform and the terms or policies, which govern the relationship between you and Go Gramin.
8.	For internal purposes of the Company such as improving the security of the platform, auditing, testing, trouble shooting, data analysis and research performed directly or indirectly by the Company.
9.	For promoting and marketing the services provided by the Company.
10.	To track the order status, processing and delivery as applicable to you;
11.	This information might be used to customize and improve the platform.
12.	The IP address information might be used to help and diagnose problems arising while using the platform. This information may be used to identify you in case of any need arises.

IV.	Sharing your personal information

i.	We share certain information with the Vendor to perform the services provided by Go-Gramin. This information may include but not limited to your order details, time of order, location details for availing delivery service.

ii.	The information provided by you may be shared with the payment service providers for the purpose of fulfilling the services provided to you.

iii.	We may disclose personal information to law enforcement offices, third party rights owners, or others in the good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary to enforce our Terms or Privacy Policy

iv.	Any content or personal information that You share or upload on any current or future publicly viewable portion of the Platform (on discussion boards, in messages and chat areas, etc.) will be publicly available, and can be viewed by others.

9.	Intellectual Property Rights:

I.	The content on the Website/mobile application (exclusive of all submitted content), including without limitation, the text, software, scripts, graphics, photos, sounds, music, videos, interactive features and the like ("Data") and the trademarks, service marks and logos contained therein ("Marks"), are owned by Go-Gramin.                                                                          
II.	Data on the Website/mobile application may not be used, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed or otherwise exploited for any other purposes whatsoever without the prior written consent of the respective owners. Go-Gramin reserves all rights not expressly granted in and to the Website/mobile application and the Data.
III.	You agree not to circumvent, disable or otherwise interfere with security features of the Website/mobile application or features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any Data or enforce limitations on use of the Website/mobile application or the Data therein.
IV.	The Website may also contain Data of other users or Vendors, which you shall not copy, modify, translate, publish, broadcast, transmit, distribute, perform, display or sell.
10.	 Governing law:

I.	The Terms of Use shall be governed in all respects by the laws of India and any legal proceeding arising out of this Agreement will occur exclusively in the courts located in Bangalore, India.
11.	 Questions/feedback

If you have any questions regarding Go-Gramin Term of use, please write to info@gogramin.com with “Term of use issue” in subject line and Go-Gramin team will respond immediately within 24 hours, without undue delay.

12. Contact Information
Go-Gramin LLP
2nd Floor, V G Engineering works, Jog Road, Siddapur, 

Uttara Kannada, Karnataka, 581355, India.

Phone:

Email: info@gogramin.com


